Try the followin tips i found for u .do not use chemicals on skin. Follow these instructions and do let me know if they worked on your skin. i'm sure they will! 


1. Put toothpaste on your pimple before you go to bed, should help reduce swelling overnight. Make sure it is the paste not the gel. One of the most popular acne home remedies. 

2. Wash your face twice a day in warm salty water. This should leave your face oil free without aggravating the acne. 

3. Apply a paste of fresh methi (fenugreek) leaves over the face every night for 10-15 minutes and washed with warm water. This will prevent acne, pimples, blackheads, and wrinkles. 

4. Place strawberry leaves on the acne, the alkalinity helps to reduce the swelling. 

5. Extract juice of one lemon and mix with equal quantity of rose water. Apply this mixture on the face and let it stay for about half an hour. Wash the face with fresh water. About 15 days application helps cure acne, pimples and reduces blemishes and scars. 

6. Another method is to massage the face with the skin of lemon before washing with lukewarm water. 

7. Apply fresh mint juice over the face every night for the treatment of acne, pimples, insect stings, eczema, scabies, & other skin infections. 

8. Eat plenty of fresh fruits and vegetables. At least 5 servings of fruits and vegetables should be included in your diet. All acne home remedies should include a healthy diet. 

9. A couple of garlic cloves, crushed and dabbed on the face 1-2 times a day. One of the smellier acne home remedies! 

10. Home face wash for acne: Mix together 1 or 2mls each of the following: witch hazel, tea-tree and sweet fennel essential oils, adding essential oil of geranium for women and essential oil of rosewood for men. Mix with 300mls of water. Shake before use, as the oils will float on top of the water during storage. Dab affected areas with cotton wool two or three times a day. The oils will clean and unclog giving antibiotic-like protection to the skin. 

11. Apply fresh lemon juice on the affected area overnight. Wash off with warm water next morning. 

12. Use 2-3 tsp. dried basil leaves to 1 cup boiling water. Steep 10-20 minutes. Cool, and apply with cotton ball. 

13. Grind orange peel with some water to a paste and apply on affected parts. One of the best acne home remedies. 

14. Clean face with cotton wool dipped in rose water 2-3 times a day. 

15. Mix 1 teaspoon lemon juice in 1 teaspoon finely ground cinnamon powder and apply on affected areas frequently. 

16. Nettle Tea is another solution, this tea has a herb that has some curing power and really helps work wonders on skin problems. Drink four cups a day to get the full benefit of one of the most powerful acne home remedies. Get nettle products here. 

17. Aloe Vera juice applied twice a day can greatly speed up the healing of acne lesions. You can buy Aloe Vera at vitacost.com 

18. Another lotion that uses bee propolis extract may also be effective. Mix eight ounces of water and 11 drops of bee propolis extract. One of the acne home remedies which has been proven effective with many people. 

19. Some herbal acne home remedies... 
Burdock leaf tea. 
Lavender essential oil (mix 1:10 with water) 
Tincture of calendula flowers. 
Tea tree essential oil (mix 1:10 with water) 
Liquefy cabbage leaves with witch hazel, strain and add two drops of lemon oil. Use as a lotion. 

20. Ice down the acne before bed, by morning it should be noticeably less swollen. Works best on larger pimples that have not yet formed a head. 

21. Take vitamin B5 and zinc supplements daily to strengthen the skin's resistance to acne. 

22. Mix mint juice with turmeric powder and apply on affected area. Leave for 15-30 minutes and wash off with lukewarm water. 

23. Mix some vinegar and salt in a bowl. Pour a little bit in your hand and rub it on the pimples. Soak a face towel in it and dab it on the bumps. Leave it on for 15-20 minutes and rinse it off. 

24. Blend cucumber and make a paste. Apply this as a mask on your face and leave it for 1/2 hour and then rinse. This refreshes your skin and prevents acne. 

25. Mix corn flour with egg white and apply on your face. Let is dry completely for 1/2 hour. Dip your hands in warm water and massage your face and wash off. This when repeated regularly gives you a smooth skin. 

26. Mix sandalwood paste with rosewater and apply on the face. Rinse off after 30 minutes. 

27. Essential oil face mask for acne: Use a mask base powder, such as fuller's earth or kaolin powder. Use distilled or filtered water to make a paste. Mix 1 heaped teaspoon of base powder to 3 drops of essential oil. Add approximately 2 tablespoons of the water in, to make a fluid yet balanced paste. Essential oils to add in the mask either separately or try smaller amounts together; cypress oil 1 drop, lemon oil 2 drops, sage oil 1 drop. 

28. Mix the paste of tender neem leaves with turmeric and apply of affected area. An eastern approach to acne home remedies. 

29. Grind some nutmeg with milk and apply on affected area. Pimples disappear like magic without leaving a mark. 

30. Make a mixture of lime juice and rose water. Apply on face and leave it for 15-20 minutes. Rinse off with lukewarm water. 

31. Make a paste by mixing 3 tablespoons of honey and 1 teaspoon of cinnamon powder. Apply this paste on the pimples before sleeping and wash it next morning with warm water. Repeat for two weeks, pimples will disappear forever. 

32. Rub fresh garlic on and around pimples. Pimples will disappear without a mark with regular applications. 

33. Mix 1 tsps groundnut oil with 1 tspn fresh lime juice to prevent formation of blackheads and pimples . 

34. Ground drumstick pods and leaves and mix mixed with fresh lime juice, and apply on pimples. This is also good for blackheads and dark spots. 

35. First wash face and then dab acne with cotton balls soaked in vinegar. 

36. Mix groundnut oil with an equal amtount of fresh lime juice and apply on face. leave for 10-15 minutes and wash. It may be applied daily to prevent formation of blackheads, acne and pimples. 

37. Apply juice of raw papaya (including the skin and seed) on swelling acne, pimples. 

38. Apply fresh lime juice mixed to a glass of boiled milk as a face wash for acne, pimples, blackheads, and cracked skin. 

39. Apply ripe Tomatoes pulp on acne, pimples and kept upto 1 hour, then wash. 

40. Make a paste of roasted & powdered pomgranate skin with fresh lime juice and apply over acne, boils, pimple, blackheads and whiteheads. 

41. Apply grated potatoes as poultice to treat skin blemishes, wrinkles, boils, pimples, blackheads, whiteheads , etc. 

42. Make a paste of ground radish seeds with water and apply on face to remove blackheads. 

43. Apply a paste of ground seasame seeds with water as poultice for inflammation of the skin due to allergies, skin rashes, and pimples. 

44. Large pores on facial skin can be treated with paste of sandalwood powder with masoor dal. 

45. Use an oatmeal or almond mask throughly to cleanse your face. Mix either oatmeal or almond powder with enough rose water to make a soft paste that spreads easily on the skin. Rub it on your skin with your fingertips, paying special attention the problem areas. Leave to dry for about 15 minutes and then rinse off with cold water. This is very good in getting rid of blackheads. 

46. A solution made out of one and a half cups of hot water and half a tablespoon of boric powder is an ideal remedy for blackheads, Saturate a face napkin in this hot solution and press on to the skin, repeat twice. Extract blackheads carefully with a blackhead remover and sterilized cottonwool. Pat on an astrigent. 

47. Honey is a great remedy for skin blemishes and acne because the honey kills bacteria. 
These are some effective home remedies for the treatment of acne and blackheads.
134 Comment
Other Answers (22)Oldest
 
anastasia answered 8 years ago
pop it, and put lots of concealer on it tomorrow
4 Comments (3)
 
Lisa Marie answered 8 years ago
pop it and put ice on it to close the pore up and relieve swelling, or just use cover up
7 Comment (1)
 
joe answered 8 years ago
If anyone had the answer to this question they'd be a billionaire - and have the eternal gratitude of a good percentage of people on the planet.
83 Comment
 
xoxo answered 8 years ago
let it be, if u try pop it, it will leave a scar. 
let it be, and it will go off ...
14 Comment
 
funkazza answered 8 years ago
apply pimpleca herbl pulp
4 Comment
 
iAmJustMe answered 8 years ago
Try toothpaste... not the gel kind but the pastey kind... atleast thats what my mom alway told me.. and it works sometimes... or atleast lessens it a little....
33 Comment
 
starting over answered 8 years ago
my son uses toothpaste overnight..says it really helps.
42 Comment
 
Anna. answered 8 years ago
i don't really know if you can get rid of one overnight whithout pain-if you really want to get rid of one, pop it
4 Comment
 
POISON IVY#1 answered 8 years ago
Depends on were it is at if on lower butt area sit in bathtub and squeeze it and that's its.face area good luck
Source(s):
everyone is going to be looking at you if you have a big zit on your noise just stay home and keep your head under pillow until gone thanks for the 2 points
4 Comment
 
Travis answered 4 months ago
Check your Flux Capacitor
Source(s):
Back To The Future (Part II)
1 Comment
 
Bailey Mcelveen answered 4 months ago
I have really bad pimples and i went to the doctor and she told me do not wash your face when you take a shower or bath when you get out you get a clean rag and run the water until it is very warm and you get the rag wet with water and put it on your face until the rag is cold and do it as much as your need too.
Rate Comment
 
ScorpioGirL answered 4 months ago
Check out my FB: "Seacret Direct Health" you can definitely get rid of your pimples in 3 days!!!!!
Rate Comment
 
First L answered 4 months ago
It will disappear . Y0u just need to wait!
2 Comment
 
Mia answered 3 months ago
pop it....but make sure tht the liquid tht comes out wen u do it does not spread around ur face cuz if it does it will increase the number of pimple on ur face and scars will dissappear real quick so nothing to worry abt scars...
Rate Comment
 
Casandra answered 2 months ago
Well you need a really good facewash. Find one that has salicylic acid, most of the products has the ingredients in the back, or on the front. There's a clean and clear gel that also has 2% salicylic acid. If you are interested in it, it`s in any drug store. The product is in a tube with a purple lid, and also it`s inside a clear box. And the face wash I use also has salicylic acid, it`s the Aveeno Clear Complexion Cream Cleanser & the moisturizer I use is the one Aveeno Clear Complexion Daily Moisturizer. You don`t have to have these exact products, but if you cant find anything try these out! Washing your face is so boring and annoying sometimes. But you really need to wash your face every single day, atleast twice. And if you wear makeup, ALWAYS take it off before going to bed. I had a small tiny pimple on my nose & I used the clean & clear gel before going to bed & it went away overnight. But that may not happen with big pimples. It will possibly go away in 2-4 days. If you dont wanna spend tons of money, instead of the clean and clear gel stuff, use toothpaste. 

Last year I only washed my face once a day ( at night ) and I still got pimples. But this summer I washed my face in the morning and night & totally saw a difference. & try eating healthy for a week.
Source(s):
http://eonlineacnerelief.com/how-to-get-...
Rate Comment
 
Vilma answered 1 month ago
i need to get rid of my pimples , tomorrow is our graduation picture... i don't want to be ugly
Rate Comment
 
Heather answered 1 month ago
get over it everyone gets zits
Rate Comment
 
Itzel answered 4 weeks ago
Get aloe and rub it on your pimple or u can make a mixture of honey oatmeal and an egg mix it up and spread all over your face leave it on for bout 10 mins
Rate Comment
 
1Galaxy answered 4 weeks ago
try toothpaste
1 Comment
 
Abby answered 7 days ago
http://www.acnenomore.com/Acne-Clear-Skin-Video.php?hop=attajer 
chk out dis link
Rate Comment
 
Caroleen answered 3 days ago
Anyone looking for a quick fix solution to acne, for a “magic bullet”, acne pills, ‘acne freedom in 3 days’ hyped up programs is looking to be told fairy-tales. Also, don't ever take the Proactive route, it's just a temporary solution and in time it will make your acne worse. 

To permanently get rid of acne you should fix the internal problem that’s causing your acne, not just masking the symptoms. Read Mike Walden's "Acne No More - Open The Door To An Acne Free Life." ( here is the electronic format PDF http://www.acnenomore.mobi ). This is a permanent solution to acne and it helped over 130.000 people get rid of their acne for good. 

Stop paying paying each month good money on drugs, creams and oils. This is exactly what the pharmaceutical industry wants you to do! They want to milk money from you each month.
Rate Comment
 
Selma answered 3 days ago
Right now my skin is perfectly clear, for the first time in 3 years. It's been about 2 weeks and all my acne is gone. It is such a great feeling to wake up with clear skin. Thanks to this website 
( http://best-acne-treatment2.blogspot.com... ) 
I got rid of acne nightmares.
Source(s):
I Tried it myself, and it works great.