define bandwidth
 

 the time till when the output remains constant
 

 Difference between usb n lsb

 no the time till which the output response of the system remians constant before degrading
 

 usb and lsb of AM both contains similar information in audio transmission..
 
 explain ideal parameters of op-amp
 

 what are different types of AM transmission?
 

 difference between analog and digital communication?
 

 out of analog and digital which is best and why?
 

 explain different parameters which affect communication

 what the basic problem with ideal integrator and ideal differentaiator?
 

 error in transmitter and receiver
 

 error which error?
 

 which parameters in signal gets affected by noise
 

 amplitude frequency and phase
 

 explain why amplitude?
 

 what is oscillatros?
 
 

 classification of fets

 different parameters of amplifier
 

 what another name for integrator and differentiator?
 

 oscillators uses which type of feedback?
 

 whats is problem with zero crossing detector?
 

 what is problem with ideal integrator and differentiator and how it is overcome?
 

 what is window detector?
 

 what is the biggest dis-advantage of am
 

 how fm and pm interrelated
 

 define pll
 

 what is schmitt trigger
 

 define quantixation and sapmling
 

 what is companding explain slope over load distortion how it is over come?
 

 which have beeter noise immunity fm or pm and why

 what is baseband signal
 

 why can not we use base band signal for long distance communication
 

 explain advantages of modulation
 

 what is radio receiver and different types of it
 

 explain agc and afc block in super hetrodyne
 

 what is intermediate frequency IF
 

 what is image frequency rejection
 

 what it tranconductance
 

 radio frequencies converted to a fix lower frequency is known as IF
 

 how that cconversion is achieved?
 

 agc is used to maintain a constant o/p voltage level
 

 explain nbfm and wbfm
 
 draw frequency spectrum? 

 drain and transfer chr of fet
 

 what is Q point
 

 what is modulation index
 

 what is Q point in layman language ?????


 operatinng point which gives operating voltage and current of device
 
